THIS FILE CONTAINS THE STEPS THAT NEED TO BE TAKEN TO USE THE GUI CREATED BY THE PROGRAM

Steps:

1. We have to load the image before doing anything until you load a image other opration will be disabled until you load it. 
   To load the image we have to click on file and then click on load image

2. after you load the image you can do the following oprations on the visible images

   i. Save the currently visible image in PPM/JPG/PNG formats.
      To save the image click on file and then save image

   ii. Visualize the red/green/blue components of an image.
       To visualize the file click on file and then click on the particular component that needs to be visualized

   iii. Flip the image vertically or horizontally.
	To flip the image click on file and then on the particular flip that needs to be performed.

   iV. Blurring the image.
       To blur the image click on file and then Blur Image

   V. Sharpening the image.
      To sharpen the image click on file and then Sharpen Image

   Vi. Converting the image to greyscale using luma.
       To convert the image to greyscale luma click on file and then click on Convert to Grayscale (Luma)

   Vii. Converting the image to sepia.
	To convert the image to sepia tome click on file and then click on Convert to Sepia Tone

   Viii. Viewing the image with compression artifacts.
	 To compress the image click on file and then Compress Image. It will ask you to enter compress percentage (this should be a value between 0-100 or an error popup will be thrown)

   iX. Viewing the color-corrected version of this image.
	To view the color-corrected version of the image click on File and then click on Color Correct.

   X. Adjust levels of this image.
      To adjust the level of the image click on file and then click on Adjust Levels. 
      A pop up will come which will ask to enter the b value. The b value should be between 0 to 255
      A pop up will come which will ask to enter the m value. The m value should be between 0 to 255 and that should be greater than b
      A pop up will come which will ask to enter the w value. The w value should be between 0 to 255 and that should be greater than b and m
      If the above condition isn't satisfied it will show an error pop up stating to enter the right value. Else it will update the image with the operation

   Xi. Dither the image.
      To dither the given image.

   Xii. Be able to toggle between showing a split view and the entire image.
	To perform this operation click on file and then click on split view. Please take note of the following things
	a. There are 7 operations that are there which support this operation (Blur, sharpen, sepia, greyscale, color-correction, level-adjustment, and dither)
	b. The split percentage should be between 0-100 and anything else entered will result in throwing of error when performing the operation
	c. Any one operation can be selected from the drop down provided.
	d. For level adjustment additional parameters will be prompted to input like mentioned above.
	e. After you selected the operation and inputed the split percentage click on perform action to preview how the operation looks.
	f. If you are satisfied you can click apply which will perform the operation on the entire image.
	g. If you aren't you can choose other operation or click on the close window button to get back on the main window.

The histogram associated with the image will always be avaiable with the image in the main window.


All the above opration are in the form of drop down menu items